alright ram you're up man we have a
eight boxes left metal basketball here
we go and do two of these I don't know
what numbers we have left we'll see if
we have box number 7 and 6 we'll see if
we have six and seven we do six and
seven and you're going to do one of
these all-time great basketball as well
one two three fours top five six seven
eight middle 9 10 11 12 is the bottom
here we go botsa one number 12 here we
go metal her new age tried to destroy
the metal but the metal head its way all
time um we'll try doing barcodes on this
one Buck's number 54 yeah there we go
all time ready it is ready here we go
round metal number one Bradley Beal and
David Robinson 09 and dennis dart 09
inductions number two Kendall Marshall
from the marshal and Oh Larry Johnson
number three Moe Harkless and John
Salley ever you want to see another
super frightener stick out shack and bj
armstrong unsung heroes that's the red
version number three of five on that one
Moe Harkless there we go and oral Lloyd
Damian pink version Jamie another pink
that was number 2 17 of 25 on the Damian
and Leon he looks happy doesn't he look
happy Liam what's wrong Leon needs a hug
Ricky Rubio and Big Bill Russell scottie
pippen I was not numbered and lucre
neska
well you got Damien pink now you get
Damian Green Damian Lillard green that
one is numbered 299 got the rainbow
working and Dominic Wilkins not numbered
and the last pack here ram Magic Johnson
and Larry Johnson unsung heroes and
larry's number 250 we'll see who's on
the ol all-time greats and it is that
dude who is that do Carl yeah calm alone
and it look like look too young Karl
Malone um is the Beast number 2 150
number 2 150 Carl gold version number
250 Carl and another one of one all 10
ones been flying out Karl Malone one of
one yesterday it was Troy Aikman one of
one not too long ago was a Gretzky one
of them but anyway Karl Malone one of
one gold Inc autograph nice hit on the
end ram appreciate it get on the way
buddy